---
layout: post
title:  "Toast"
#date:   2022-07-30 01:00:00 -0700
categories: changelog en
permalink: 
---

This changelog is a combined list of all of the updates to date, in addition to the latest changes.  
The log is split into 4 sections: "universal", "pvp-exclusive changes", "singleplayer version", and "misc. bugfixes & adjustments".  
Universal changes apply to all versions of the patch. PVP-exclusive changes only apply to the pvp patch. Singleplayer version changes only apply to the pve patch.  
While the previous 3 sections contain documentation for the differences between BBN3 and vanilla BN3, the fourth section, "misc. bugfixes & adjustments", details the differences between this BBN3 update and the previous update.  


# misc. bugfixes & adjustments

- Fixed visual error with the endlag of Block NCP always showing the sprite for Custom Style.
- Fixed exploit that allowed for extended invincible stalling while using AntiDmg with Slasher or PoisonFace/Mask.
- Fixed glitch that allowed Shake's damage to be overwritten by a different chip. This glitch can still be done in the Singleplayer version because it's a fun strat and we don't care if pve is unbalanced in a fun way.
- Fixed the bug in vanilla which would cause the Panic chip to freeze the game if used in an emulator that wasn't using BIOS. 
- Lowered the prices of opposite version gigas.
- Serenade's Time Trial will now reward the player with both the DarkAura and Serenade gigas.
- Wind now removes bubblewrap, plantman no longer takes damage from the wind hit that removes his leafshield
- Cleaned up the Chip Library so it accurately shows how many chips and PA memos are available.
- Reduced the amount of menus you have to navigate through in the comm menu.
- Fixed compatibility with the BN3 randomizer.
- Fixed some typos in the story.
- Made the reduced elemental bonus multiplier exclusive to pvp.
- Fixed the mistake where the buff to TimeBom's damage was applied to TimeBom+, which significantly nerfed the PA.
- Fixed a softlock that could occur with folderback.
- Fixed the bug where puffball viruses could one-hit-delete Megaman if he collided with their mask.
- Refactored the way press paths check if you can use them so that they can work without the Press NCP being installed. This will be important later.
- Lots of changes have been made under the hood in order to make BBN3 work with rollback netcode. 

{% include logs/partial.md %}